Idempotency of delete requests (#2225)
oasis-tcs/odata-specs: odata-protocol/11.4 Data Modification.md

A successful `DELETE` request to the edit URL of a stream property
attempts to set the property to null and results in an error if the
property is non-nullable. Services MAY treat deletion of

> a non-existing stream value as success, thus making the `DELETE` request idempotent.

Reviewer: this one is not required (just saying that setting a null stream to null is allowed).

```suggestion
property is non-nullable.
```

Added/changed entities are applied as [upserts](#UpsertanEntity), and
deleted entities as [deletions](#DeleteanEntity). Non-key properties of
deleted entities are ignored, deletions of non-existing entities MUST be

> treated as success (idempotency). The top-level collection may include added

Reviewer: Suggestions:
1. Start a new stentence
2. Clarify that entity must be "valid" (although definition of valid is up to service). i.e., if someone specifies an invalid key value (an odd number, where the service only supports even) the service may return an error.
3. Don't try to justify why here (we don't explain, for example, why added/changed are treated as upsert). If we want to explain that applying delta updates are (to the extent possible) idempotent, we should make that statement elsewhere.

```suggestion
deleted entities are ignored. Deletions of valid, non-existing (eg, deleted) entities
MUST be treated as success. The top-level collection may include added
```
